docs: Write a guide for creating a new test (#565)
openactive/openactive-test-suite: packages/openactive-integration-tests/CONTRIBUTING.md

  testFeatureImplemented: true,
  testIdentifier: 'availability-confirmed',
  testName: 'Occupancy in C1 and C2 matches feed',
  testDescription: 'Runs C1 and C2 for a known opportunity from the feed, and compares the results to those attained from the feed.',
  testOpportunityCriteria: 'TestOpportunityBookable',
  controlOpportunityCriteria: 'TestOpportunityBookable',
},
function (configuration, orderItemCriteriaList, featureIsImplemented, logger) {
```

An explanation of the main properties:

* `testCategory`, `testFeature`, `testIdentifier`: Identifiers for the **Category**, **Feature** and **Test** respectively. For info on what these are, see [Structure](#structure).
* `testFeatureImplemented`: Whether or not this test is **implemented** or **non-implemented**. For info on what this means, see [Structure](#structure).
* `testName`, `testDescription`: Short- and long-form human-readable descriptions of the text. These are used for automatic Documentation Generation and for the test report.
* `testOpportunityCriteria`: The **Opportunity Criteria** to use for the primary OrderItem under test. For info on criteria, see [Opportunity Criteria](#opportunity-criteria).

> * `controlOpportunityCriteria`: The **Opportunity Criteria** to use for any "control" OrderItems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `controlOpportunityCriteria`: The **Opportunity Criteria** to use for any "control" OrderItems. For info on criteria, see [Opportunity Criteria](#opportunity-criteria).
```

Reviewer: A dev might not necessarily read the line about `testOpportunityCriteria`

Author: Great point. Done

    When the test is run with multiple opportunities, a "control" opportunity will be added. With this, one can test that the feature still works if combined with other opportunities.

    For example, if testing an error, set the controlOpportunityCriteria to TestOpportunityBookable to ensure that the correct error is returned even though one of the opportunities in the Order is valid.

    If a control isn't appropriate for a particular test, this can be set to the same value as `testOpportunityCriteria`.

This is not an exhaustive list of properties which `FeatureHelper.describeFeature(..)` accepts. See the code documentation for the full picture.

For more information on `FeatureHelper`, see [the ARCHITECTURE doc](./ARCHITECTURE.md#feature-helper).

### Opportunity Criteria

> What a Criteria is is documented in [the test-interface-criteria docs](../test-interface-criteria/README.md#criteria).

Reviewer: This reads slightly funny to me, maybe something like:
```suggestion
Each Test Interface Criteria is defined and documented in [the test-interface-criteria docs](../test-interface-criteria/README.md#criteria).
```

1. **Fetch Opportunities**: Fetches the Opportunities and Offers (with the given **Criteria**) from the [Broker Microservice](../openactive-broker-microservice/README.md) which are needed to run the test.
2. **C1-and-Assert-Capacity**: Calls C1 for the selected Opportunity-Offer combos. Additionaly, checks, via the Broker Microservice, that the capacity of the Opportunity is as expected after calling C1 (it should be unchanged unless anonymous leasing is supported).
3. **C2-and-Assert-Capacity**: Similar to C1 but for C2.
4. **Book-and-Assert-Capacity**: How this behaves depends on whether Simple Booking Flow or Approval Booking Flow is under test (See: [Test Matrix](./ARCHITECTURE.md#test-matrix)):
    * **Simple Booking Flow**: Similarly to C1 and C2, calls B and checks that the capacity is as expected.
    * **Approval Booking Flow**: Calls: P -> Order Proposal Feed Update -> B, and checks that the capacity is as expected after each of P and B.

If you need to test a different flow from this, there are many other Flow Stage Recipes available, and it's always possible to create custom flows from scratch.

> Note that the Flow Stages are just initiated. None of the API calls are made yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the Flow Stages are just initiated during set up. None of the API calls are made yet.
```

Author: Yes! Done

In this example, the test will only run for Opportunities which are bookable, cancellable, and where the current time falls within the cancellation window:

```js
FeatureHelper.describeFeature(module, {
  testName: 'Successful booking and cancellation within window.',
  testDescription: 'A successful end to end booking including cancellation within the cancellation window.',
  testOpportunityCriteria: 'TestOpportunityBookableCancellableWithinWindow',
```

This is particularly useful for this test, as it checks that these types of Opportunities can be successfully booked and cancelled. If the test were to run for Opportunities which are not cancellable, then the test would fail, but this would not be a valid failure.

## Writing a new test

### 1. New feature?

If creating a new feature, create a new folder within `test/features/` with the name of the feature. Within that folder, create a `feature.json` file as described in [feature.json](#featurejson).

If this new test is being added to an existing feature, then skip this step.

### 2. New Test Interface Criteria?

> Each test has a set of Criteria configured (see [Opportunity Criteria](#opportunity-criteria)). Check whether or not this test can use a Criteria that already exists or if a new one is needed. If a new Criteria is needed, be sure to create it in the [Test Interface](https://openactive.io/test-interface/) spec, as well as in the [`test-interface-criteria`](../test-interface-criteria/) package.

Author: I haven't gone into more detail here about how to create a new one. For the Test Suite part, there is an issue for that here: https://github.com/openactive/openactive-test-suite/issues/554. Not sure if we need documentation for the Test Interface side
